The financial war is on
You two sit down too
Take a good look at how the Chen family apologized to us
This kind of trash bodyguard
We don't have to do it ourselves.
I don't want to do it at my house.
Lao Chen, why is he so calm?
Is he really
Cure discomfort
Will know soon
Puyang Feilong
I'd like to see what tricks you can play
Within half an hour
I want your Ouyang family to become a ruin
homeowner
This is not good.
Patriarch, our people are stopped outside
Pardon me?
Who did it? Was it Zhao Tiegang?
No, no.
They claim to be from the Emperor's Palace
There are also eight gods and historians of the Emperor's Palace
Our people are scared to pee
I don't even have the courage to do it
No one really came in.
So many people, no one can get in
Nancheng
I didn't even come in, and I tried my best to escape back.
Trash I said
The entire South City is already in my hands
Do you think it's someone from the bottom hall?